Kzl 241 document controller (#86)
kuzzleio/documentation-V2: src/sdk-reference/cpp/1/document/validate/index.md

---
layout: sdk.html.hbs
algolia: true
title: validate
description:
order: 200
---

# validate

Validates data against existing validation rules. 

> Note that if no validation specifications are set for the `<index>`/`<collection>`, the document will always be valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Documents are always valid if no validation rules are defined on the provided index and collection.
```

> This request does **not** store or publish the document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This request does not store the document.
```
